The `--empty` flag (#4966)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/run.md

## Enable or Disable Colorized Logs

See [global configs](/reference/global-configs/print-output#print-color)

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.8">

## The `--empty` flag

> The `run` command supports the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will build the project and models, parse the files to identify changes, but won't actually execute the SQL against the target data warehouse. This ensures your models will build properly and validates dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
The `run` command supports the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This validates dependencies and ensures your models will build properly.
```
